The orbit category of a group (#935)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/group-theory/normalizer-subgroups.lagda.md

[group](group-theory.groups.md) `G`. The **normalizer subgroup** `Nᴳ(H)` of `G`
is the largest subgroup of `G` of which `H` is a
[normal subgroup](group-theory.normal-subgroups.md). The normalizer subgroup

> consists of all elements `g : G` such that `h ∈ H ⇔ ghg⁻¹ ∈ H` for all `g ∈ G`.

Reviewer: Ugh no please keep the parentheses! It's useful to have them in the informal text for calculations.

Author: Sorry

> consists of all elements `g : G` such that `h ∈ H ⇔ ghg⁻¹ ∈ H` for all `g ∈ G`.
> In other words, the normalizer subgroup consists of all elements `g` such that
> `gHg⁻¹ ＝ H`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
consists of all elements `g : G` such that `h ∈ H ⇔ (gh)g⁻¹ ∈ H` for all
`h ∈ G`. In other words, the normalizer subgroup consists of all elements `g`
such that `(gH)g⁻¹ ＝ H`.
```

`h ∈ G`. In other words, the normalizer subgroup consists of all elements `g`
such that `(gH)g⁻¹ ＝ H`.

> The weaker condition that `gHg⁻¹ ⊆ H` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The weaker condition that `(gH)g⁻¹ ⊆ H` is
```
